Valkyrie is above
Soul Blessing Commander
Destiny is on the left
Break through the enemy
Brothers, the outcome is decided
It's man-made
Let's build a bright world together with me
Spell a bright universe Spell a bright universe
What about cutting down a tree?
Princess, this rainy day is so annoying.
There's no way to go out and find the street
Xunjie
Can't go out
Eating, drinking and having fun is the point
The princess joked
The end will play into a room
How dare you be distracted
It better be.
If you let me know you're cheating
This princess will surely let you die without a whole body
Oh no, we're in big trouble
What's the situation?
Today I have nothing to do to inspect the provincial housing
And the water level in the moat has gone up.
Heavy rain in Banchi every day
Rising water levels in the moat are normal
I already knew this was the case
It's not a normal increase.
Floating city drainage excellent
The water will never accumulate for more than two days
It has now risen for three consecutive days
What!
Come and see what's going on